Resolve issues around profiling unexpected processes (#3333)
geopm/geopm: service/docs/source/overview.rst

Profiling Non-MPI Applications
""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

The ``geopmlaunch(1)`` command may not be best suited for your needs
if you are running a non-MPI application, or if you are running an MPI
application but the launch command is embedded in scripts that are

> difficult to modify.  Alternately to using ``geopmlaunch(1)``, the

Author: ```suggestion
difficult to modify.  Instead of using ``geopmlaunch(1)``, the
```
Maybe reads clearer?

   it to 200 milliseconds, up from the default 5 milliseconds, results in
   approximately 50 rows of samples in the trace file (calculated as five
   samples per second over ten seconds).
3. **Disable Network Use** The ``GEOPM_CTL_LOCAL`` environment
   variable may be set which disables all intra-node communication
   between the controllers on each node, thereby generating a unique
   report file per host node over which the application processes are

>    launched.

Author: Also note that when MPI is disabled in the runtime, GEOPM_CTL_LOCAL is used by default.  This is a change in this PR.
